									Daily Article-10

	14-02-2022

	After a long break i returned to surf board today.I revised the things which are taught on the first week of internship and then tried to bridge the gap betweenthe days which i was off with the help of the fellow interns.I learrnt the importance of github today  and installed it and learned their operations to push a file after typing the contents in it.I made some templates in figma past week so i refreshed it .
        Today I was aked to stay with my mentor at core illustrio office.I was taken to core illustrio by my mentor and a task was given to me that I must create a library management system for surfboard's library and i chose to take the project forward with mobile application as the base .I have decided to create two applications one on the user side and the other to the adim so that it will be useful for updation of the required things.I have stated to approach the problem with the process taught to me in the previous internship sessions as in four steps which was very helpful to figure out the required data for the application to be efficient .Then i figured out the constraints that are on the problem and sorted it out.After the constraints i wrote down the things which are required for the  user and the admin seperately so that it will  be helpful for me to create their interfaces seperately with the required data. I arranged the things required in manner which a user will be comfortable to work with and to design properly. I begun to have rough draft of the design with the pen and paper so that i canhave thhe clear picture on what are all the things required to design an interface . After some corrections frommy mentor i faired it up with utmost clarity and i had many improvisations in my mind which will be executed while designing the prototype in figma. It is interesting now-a-days to learn something new everyday . I learnt some of the tools in figma today which will be helpful for me while designing the prototype of the mobile  application in the near future.Figma is interestng and fun to learn and execute the designs which are necessary with higher standards . Core Illustrio  office was very productive for me personally as there are very few or no distractions to get distracted and to focus on the learning process . I interacted a lot with my mentor today he shared his experience in few of the domains that he is working on currently . And im eager to learn a lot form him in the forth coming days . I came to know about the business model and vision of core illustrio which was interesting ,and my mentor was kind enough to eloborate the cultre aspects of surfboard and core illustrio together .Hopefully i can be as much productive as possible so that a break in the middle will not affect my learning process in the upcoming days .    
