									DAILY ARTICLE-12
   16-02-2022


	The day started off with the design of the application which im about to work in the near future . I have learnt a lot of new tools which can help me to design better . Today i learnt how to scroll the objects using figma ,at first i have made some mistakes to make it right and then finally i learnt how to scroll a page using right tools . Then I explored as many designs as possible to have the right combination of colours in the application which will be user friendly  and attractive . I made some designs today which might be suitable for my application but it was not upto the mark so i have to rethink in each and every aspect to get a design which will be suitable for the user interface as well as the admin's interface. I learnt some types of scrolling today  while doing some designs and some of the tools became failiar to use and i learnt to use some of the tools in a proper manner to make the design look more presentable and attractive . I had some moments where i was left with no options and i made sure that i must think more in order to get the apt version of the application to be presented for the users and im still working on it to get a perfect design and colour combinations which will be soothing for the users while using the application . It is quite challenging as i an not so good in therms of creativity and it's good that i'm getting to know something that im not familiar with and im sure that i can improve my creativity skills in the forth coming days . 
	Then there was today's session where kaushik recalled the portion which he taught yesterday and then he gave an assignment regarding the things which he taught yesterday .After that he came to an important topic which was very much helpful in realising the things which are required to improve our own maturity standards . importace of the balace between Humbleness,Hunger and Smartness in an equal manner to sustain our own good qualities . After today's session I begun to design again and to start exploring even more designs and started working on them and i had some suggesions from surfboard people which was helpful in bringing my thoughts in a certain level which was expected from the user's point of view  in order to be more user friendly. And i had an oppurtunity  to look into the surf pay application which gave me a clear idea on how to think in the right way.And my fellow interns discussed some of the thing that they learnt today and i had some more time to look upon the basis of Dart on how it is used and about its compiler is  called Dart VM, and some of its fuctionalities which is ery flexible in its  main fuction it can either be written in the begining or at the end, Proper calling of the function is required in Dart. Hopefully tomorrow i can finish a design which will be presentable and attractive for the user's.  
